What? Did Jolyne make it?
So she can go to
the Discipline Cell
just to find that
same bone belonging to Dio?
Yeah!
If I keep her safe
through this,
then I plan on making her
my bride.
That's the condition.
Got it?
Diver Drive!
[yells]
Give us your blessings.
[Dio]
The electrical power nerve
carries at any given time,
measures a mere
seven hundredths of a Volt.
That's how little power
that Stand has.
Survivor's attacks make one
feel nothing,
and it does nothing.
[Dio] All it does is
make them mad.
["STONE OCEAN"
by ichigo playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[Westwood] And all of you!
[all cheer]
I can see where
your strengths lie from here.
Your most dominant
muscle groups,
and they're glorious.
Welcome to Fight Club!
Bring it on, bitches!
[all cheer]
You know, I just gotta say...
Every one of you
pisses me the hell off.
-And I'm freaking sick of you.
-[zapping]
[Jolyne] The enemy!
The Stand User
must be one of them.
Now, it's just the question
of who.
It has to be one of them.
I'd be willing to bet
it's the one
who made the guards fight.
I didn't drag my ass
all the way
to this Maximum Security
Disciplinary Wing
to not get a hold
of that bone, F that.
Tough shit for any stupid chump
who gets in my way, too.
Whoever it is, I don't care.
I'm gonna kill them.
[gasps]
What? Kill them?
Did I really
just have that thought?
What's this burning
furious emotion taking me over?
Is that fighting spirit?
The spirit that keeps
on telling me
to conquer and
destroy everything,
no matter who it is, or what
might end up happening to me?
[screams]
[Jolyne] Is this guard
really trying
to pull off the same thing
with me
that he did to
the other guard?
He can't be that stupid,
Fine! Go ahead!
You're no match
for Stone Ocean, anyway.
[grunts]
Ora!
[grunts, breathes heavily]
[Westwood grunts]
Stone Ocean!
-[screams]
-[bones crushing]
[screams]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[Westwood] Yes, I see it.
I see what your point
of strength is, FE40536.
There's something flowing
slowly from your muscles
that looks like a thread
made of liquid.
It's beautiful.
Is that the strongest
power you have?
[Jolyne] What the hell
kind of move was that?
When he fought that
other prisoner before,
he was bizarrely brutal
and savage.
And that was just
a fist fight.
But this is...
No normal humans
are capable of these moves.
That's it!
I need to beat this guard
at any cost. Right now!
[all roar]
I can see his muscles, too.
And they look brilliant
and beautiful.
Also, the way he just moved.
The agility, the power...
How can a human sustain
huge wounds like that,
and ignore that pain and fear
and still attack so viciously?
But if the intense radiance
emanating from his muscles is
a mark of his strong point,
that tells me
something important.
His left leg!
I can see inside it right now.
That's the leg
that I just attacked.
He must be feeling it.
That's what I sense.
And I can tell the damage
I dealt
is murder for him.
-[groans]
-[gasps]
Hey, shit stain!
You get in my way,
I'm gonna choke you out.
And now,
I have to brawl you.
[Jolyne] Wait!
These guys are getting
into it, too?
-[gasps]
-Got you!
[grunts]
Ora!
-[groans]
-[bone cracks]
He's a nightmare!
[Jolyne] I need to knock
this guy out already,
so I can focus
on finding Dio's bone.
[grunts]
[screams]
[choking]
You must chop off
your own head just now.
You should be more careful.
[yells]
Ora!
Ora! Ora! Ora! Ora!
[grunts]
Go to sleep,
you jacked-up prick!
[grunts, gasps]
[chuckles]
[gasps]
What the... My arm!
But what the hell
just happened?
Shit! Who is this guy?
What the hell have
you done to me?
[gasps]
Wait! That's the...
So, this guard is
a Stand User, too.
I don't believe it!
This entire ward
is full of Stand Users.
With that disc, he was already
granted a Stand power,
but I don't know what it is.
But still,
what exactly did he just do?
[Jolyne]
I didn't even give him
the slightest chance
to fight back.
There was no sign of
my Stand.
There was no way
he could know.
So how did he attack me?
Fuck! This is bad!
I'm losing a ton of blood.
I've never had
a wound like this.
It's not like one you get
from any knife or razor blade.
I need to know
what he did to me.
[groans]
I still can't figure it out.
If his Stand was a power-type,
then I totally
should have seen it.
Really! Is that the best
you can do?
Wrap your thread around me?
I can see the thread,
as a matter of fact.
A bundle of threads
inside your body.
They're your point
of strength.
It starts to make
a bit more sense now.
But without them,
you're nothing.
It's beautiful!
[chuckles]
[Westwood]
You're all sparkles and light.
So when did you
become a Stand User?
Like yesterday?
-Or just now?
-[growls]
-[gasps]
-[yells]
Ora! Ora!
[Jolyne breathes heavily]
I see it!
There's his Stand!
His Stand finally appeared.
I know what he did now.
[grunts]
A Stand User.
If he's the assassin sent
to eliminate me,
then I have an idea
what I have
to do to eliminate him first.
I don't need extra power
to defend myself with thread.
A straight punch
with devastating force
will deviate significantly
when the direction is shifted,
and I'll avoid any impact.
[grunts]
You fell for it!
Because you used
both of your hands,
I was able to block
your movement.
Sorry, dumbass!
[gasps]
That means...
[groans]
[Jolyne] Now, I can stop you
and not look at your face!
Stone Ocean!
-Ora!
-[grunts]
I'm putting you out
of commission for good.
Ora! Ora! Ora! Ora!
Ora! Ora! Ora!
[grunts, gasps]
What? Oh, no!
[Jolyne] No, not again!
What's doing this?
Is it a Stand? But how?
I can't see it! How can he...
-[grunts]
-[gasps]
I've got you, bitch!
You're mine now!
You low-rent,
filthy piece of shit.
You dared to make fun of me
when you're the real joke here.
Who's laughing now?
Prisoners are
the scum of society.
And there's nothing
that pisses me off
more than being defied
by a scum queen like you.
By the way,
I felt like that the entire
time I work in this pit.
So, don't fuck with me, lady.
I'm ready to let out
all of my anger.
-Get ready to take it!
-[gasps]
Know it's about to happen,
I'm gonna snap
and let all my anger out.
Let all my anger out!
Gonna let it out
and feel much better.
I am the strongest!
I'm gonna let it out!
Let it out! Let it out!
Let it out!
Let all my anger out.
Holy shit! The ceiling?
Oh, no!
That means his Stand is...
No! No way!
I'm so screwed!
I... I need to get myself
out of this, now!
Oh, no!
I know what his Stand power is,
and here it comes!
Argh!
You're done! It's over!
I've completely locked you in.
Ora!
[gasps]
Hey, I'm a big prison guard.
Remember?
My job entails restraining
lunatic inmates like you
every day.
At first glance, it looks like
my right arm is free,
but the point of this headlock
is no need to choke you out.
You understand? Feel that?
If I twist your left shoulder
joint like this,
do you see what happens?
-[screams]
-When I pin you like this,
your right shoulder is dead,
and you can't raise it.
So, try as you might,
you can't do shit
to me with your right fist.
But I'm certainly aware
this headlock
leaves spots
of me unguarded,
and I can't believe I'm about
to tell you what it is.
[gasps]
It's my balls which are now
close to a certain right hand
that could probably crush them.
Under different circumstances,
I'll be psyched
about that, though.
[gasps, grunts]
So I gotta keep
your grubby little hand away.
Argh!
[breathes heavily]
It's coming!
Shit! This is bad!
I know
his Stand's real identity.
How am I gonna get
out of this?
[Jolyne] It's the ceiling.
Look at what's happening
to it!
The glass is cracking
everywhere.
Fuck, they keep getting worse.
[grunts, yells]
I need to escape!
Stone Ocean!
[grunts]
[Jolyne]
I've blown his eardrum.
His grip loosened!
[gasps]
[narrator] In the universe,
there are more rocks
than dust particles
and can't be measured.
Many of them close enough
to Earth
fall down due to its gravity.
Although most of them
burn out
upon entry into
the Earth's atmosphere,
if the rock itself can control
and maintain
the optimum drop speed,
trajectory
and its structural integrity...
[Jolyne gasps]
[dramatic music]
[trilling]
[bell wails]
[percussive music]
[Anastasia]
Oh, you're coming, too?
Don't you worry yourself.
I got it.
Not so fast,
but I give the orders
and make the decisions here.
Sure, I know I asked
for your assistance,
but that doesn't put you
in charge. You got that?
Oh, and by the way,
if Pale Snake
is trying to eliminate Jolyne
as I keep on telling you,
he may actually have sent
two assassins
to the Discipline Cell
or maybe more.
Bet you didn't think of that.
He probably made more than
three Stand Users
to take her out.
Now, you and I are gonna go
track them down,
blow their asses off the map
and then come
straight back here.
Sound good?
[scoffs]
Yeah, fine!
[Anastasia] I'll be back
before that guard
even starts
his pre-wake-up twitching.
Don't forget!
We've sealed the deal
about Jolyne and I
getting married.
So, you'd better
not try to double-cross me.
[grunts]
[F.F.] Yeah, about that...
I still don't know what
the fuck you're talking about.
Enlighten me!
[tense music]
[screams]
[screams in pain]
[gasps]
[screams painfully]
[grunts]
[Jolyne] Wait! It's a meteor.
That's the attack?
Meteors are falling
toward Earth
and directly to this guard.
That's what was attacking me.
His Stand pulls down
goddamn fire ball
asteroids from the sky.
But they always conveniently
miss him
and burn to harmless ash.
Here comes another one,
like it heard me or something.
-But before that...
-[grunts]
Argh!
I got you!
And rest assured,
this time I'm not letting go.
I'm the winner,
do you hear me?
I shine like a diamond!
I beat you!
I am the strongest here!
[grunts]
Stone Ocean!
[screams]
Aw, you think that's bad?
I'm about to rip this skin off
your whole body
[screams in pain]
Let go!
Right now, you bastard!
Let go of me!
[grunts]
[screams]
He let go!
[grunts]
Ora! Ora! Ora!
[whimpers]
[screams in pain]
[groans, pants]
[Jolyne] Man, I barely dodged
getting crushed by that thing.
I did my best to alter
the meteor's path
so it would nail that
crazy fuck directly.
But it did the same thing
they've all been doing.
There's not even one teeny
little scratch on that guy.
It's not fair!
When they got near him,
they just disintegrate
into dust.
That guard's Stand power
is so intense.
He magnetizes meteors falling
right toward his body
and he's fine.
I've never seen
anything like it.
But, no matter what I do
or how I do it,
when I have to
get close to it,
somehow the only one
who's in any actual
danger of getting hit is me.
Well, this is kind of crazy.
Tons of flaming stones
are crashing down
from the sky all around me,
everywhere.
Wait! Are they meteors, then?
Is that what my point
of strength is? [chuckles]
-So, FE40536.
-[pants]
How many times
did you get hit, cupcake?
Those wounds look
pretty nasty.
I see both arms,
your left side
and your right leg.
Five gashes in total.
Or is it six?
Does it really matter?
The next one is gonna be
the money shot,
the good night kiss.
[effort grunts]
[upbeat music]
Huh, you're serious?
Lady, you are bleeding out.
How do you even
have the strength
to move right now,
much less stand?
Nah, you're bluffing, sister.
Any minute,
you're bricks on the floor.
Your arms are about as useful
for fighting as
a pair of wet ankle socks.
You don't stand a chance
and you know it.
I can see your muscle tissues
rotting and dying.
It's all dark like your heart.
None of them have that
brilliant sparkle
like before.
What do you say
we go another round?
Okay, just to see
how damaged you are,
I'll bite! Let's play. Ready?
[grunts, chuckles]
What's wrong, huh?
Go! Take a swing at me.
I'm defenseless.
What are you waiting for?
[laughs]
Come and get me, tiger!
What kind of strike
you gonna use?
Hey, maybe I should close
my eyes, too. [cackling]
[gasps]
[Jolyne] Yes, there it is!
That's the bone I need.
The same one that Pale Snake
is looking for. I found it.
It's right over there.
I have to get to it.
[gasps]
What are you doing?
-You can't fight anymore!
-[grunts]
I have a feeling you put
your back against the wall
to shield yourself
from falling meteors.
But hey,
it sure did work out for me!
[yells]
The meteors were
already falling towards me
from the other side
of the wall! You lose!
[groans]
-[exclaims]
-[grunts]
I win!
Turns out I was right
on the money.
That tight little body
is too wrecked
to defend my attack,
and now you're gonna die.
How does it go again?
"One prisoner sees the wall.
But the other side of it is,
And the other sees
the stars through the bars."
[Jolyne] Which one am I?
Here's the last blow.
Take that!
[Jolyne] There's the bone
over there.
If I can just get
to Pale Snake,
I'll do whatever it takes.
I can drink filthy water.
I'll finally become stronger
than anyone else.
Scummy bitch!
It's too late now!
You'll never be able to avoid
the meteors anymore.
[Jolyne] Of course,
I'll see the stars.
Until I see my father again,
I only want to gaze
into their fierce light.
So, this is it! Good grief.
Here comes the finishing blow!
[Westwood] It's over!
[Jolyne]
It's gonna vaporize me.
The fatal last blow.
I can't defend myself anymore,
not even with Stone Ocean.
I'm the strongest!
And now, you're gonna die!
-[Jolyne] Not yet!
-Huh?
While you're so busy
being awesome,
I took off your right boot.
[grunts]
[yells]
Sneaky little shit bag.
She even filled my boot with
broken pieces of the brick.
Shit! She's getting pelted,
but now taking
a lot less damage?
The energy has shifted.
-Argh!
-[grunts]
The meteors will burn out.
They might come close,
but they'll never hit you.
Except, that only goes
for the meteors, right?
[Westwood] Urgh! My boot!
[screams]
Good grief. Just stop
being such a drama queen.
[screams]
You filthy rotten criminal!
Stone Ocean!
[Westwood] What...
What's wrong with her?
It's like she's never
satisfied with anything.
She refuses to give up.
It's not fair.
Now, I know if something else
manages to hit
the meteor first,
then it can actually get me.
I'm in horrible shit, now.
How could you be so violent,
so cruel to me?
How dare you!
This bitch beat me.
[breathes heavily]
[Jolyne] Looks like
I'll see the stars.
[swooshing]
Game set and match!
[pants]
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]